You're not alone
Solo player game NO MULTIPLAYER
1st person or 3rd?


Scary
Searching for someone? Desperate?
	Mental illness? Hallucinations? 
	Coma ward? you wake up in a mental asylum and enter rooms to figure out what is in them .
	Might already be talking to someone but the person isnt real?
	they wake up thinking they are a doctor and eventually find your own chart
	why are they wearing scrubs
they find the chart and then you see your character is wearing a hospital gown
people behind a mirror the whole time - it was an experiment
people writing notes and thats how the game ends
choice in the paths, you can get through the end even if you didnt figure it out
clues lead 
is there a threat? some ennemy? active threat?
among us by yourself 
the tasks are a bit odd the iv in the potato but the potato is a patient but dont tell them the potato is the patient







symptoms instead of diagnosis on the final chart

start 
only get the good ending if you went in all the rooms otherwise you're just confused





	finding an animal?

Something hiding in the shadows?


Being followed? 
	Hide and seek, you have time to hide and then they come to find you



Funny
Too many people? Getting stuck in a crowd?
	agoraphobia? You're note alone but you really want to be


Sad
Someone dying but following someone they love as a ghost? while accomplishing quests? 1st person?
	little guy making speech bubbles being sad but their loved one ghost is helping

being alone in a coop setting???

space
	all alone on a different planet
	crashland on a different planet where there is one other person?




Brain dump
Michael Jackson
god religion jesus


what is being alone
nobody around literally or a feeling
condition that no one else has, you're alone in your state of being
alone in space nothing around you


home alone and your parents abandoned you and are late
covid

colonybuilder anthill builder 


you're not alone we live in a society, targeted assasin, watch people taking ressousrces and sniping the ones who are taking too much
put quotes about collectivism 
'serve the people'
